Age rotation for old data (#1103)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- 🧬 A new *disk monitor* component can now monitor the database size and
  delete data that exceeds a specified threshold. Once VAST reaches the maximum
  amount of disk space, the disk monitor deletes the oldest data. The
  command-line options `--disk-quota-high`, `--disk-quota-low`, and
  `--disk-quota-check-interval` control the rotation behavior.
  [#1103](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1103)

> - 🎁  The new options vast.segments and vast.max-segment-size control how the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎁  The new options `vast.segments` and `vast.max-segment-size` control how the
```

> - 🧬 A new experimental "disk monitor" feature was added that allows operators
>   to specify a maximum amount of disk space that can be used by VAST. Once
>   the database directory exceeds that limit, the oldest data will be erased
>   from the database to make space. The new command-line options `--disk-quota-high`,
>   `--disk-quota-low` and `--disk-quota-check-interval` were added for that purpose.
>   [#1103](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1103)
> 
> - 🎁 New command-line options `--segments` and `--max-segment-size` were added
>   to control some details of the segments produced by the archive.
>   [#1103](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1103)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 🧬 A new *disk monitor* component can now monitor the database size and
  delete data that exceeds a specified threshold. Once VAST reaches the maximum
  amount of disk space, the disk monitor deletes the oldest data. The
  command-line options `--disk-quota-high`, `--disk-quota-low`, and
  `--disk-quota-check-interval` control the rotation behavior.
  [#1103](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1103)

- 🎁 The new command-line options `--segments` and `--max-segment-size` control
  how the archive generates segments.
  [#1103](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1103)
```

Reviewer: I'd replace the second one with this:

> The new options `vast.segments` and `vast.max-segment-size` control how the archive generates segments.

The reason being that we do this everywhere else, and that the options include the hierarchy.
